# python-sports_academy_record_program
PYP Assignment, README for requirement

As one of the fast-growing Sport Centre in Malaysia, Real Champions Sport Academy needs to upgrade from their manual filling system to using computer for their Coaches, Sports and students record in the Sport Centre. This is done to address their problem with potential misplacement of coaches and mis ordered alphabet. To computerize their filling system, a new programmed will be made by me to assist the Sport Centre HR Manager with Python language for 2 Identity.
	
 The Real Champions Sport Academy Sport Centres are in various locations and employed tens of coach to guide in sport classes with their own schedule. The Available Sport classes are Swimming, Badminton, Football, Archery, Gymnastics, Volleyball, Basketball, Cricket, Tennis and Table Tennis. The Coaches data includes their Coach ID, Name, Date Joined, Date Terminated, Hourly Rate, Phone, Address, Sport Centre Code, Sport Centre Name, Sport Code, Sport Name, and rating. The Program needs to make sure that the program can add, search, modify, sort, and display all those details depend on the Admin’s input. For the Student, those who are unregistered can view the list of sport and sport schedule available on all the sport centres, but they also can register as a student with username and password to gain their student ID, Sport ID, and Sport Centre ID with some data filling that includes name, gender, address, email, sport, and sport centre. Then, they can login and they can view or modify their record, view the detail of all coaches or their coach, even provide a feedback and rating for the coach, 

As a requirement, all the Coach have their hourly rate payment ranged from RM100.00-RM500.00, depending on the sport, Rating that given by their students depending on the coach’s performance and scale from 1 which is very poor to 5 which is excellent. 

It is also assumed that there will not be a same ID within the same category, the same sport teacher can work on different locations for the same sport and the admin function is only accessed by admin which know every sports code and sports centre code. The students also assumed can only have 1 sport.
